Requested: A plugin which captures visible links on the homepage of a given site, recording the link and the view size. Recorded data should be available for seven days.

Specification: Use the provided package template as a starting point. Requires javascript to capture links, determine if they are visible and record the screen size. Post the captured data to a WP endpoint. Endpoint will save the data to the WP database. An admin page will also be needed for viewing of the captured data. Data older than seven days should be removed.

Solution Progress: Retrieving the links from a page is simple enough. We want to exclude any with no height or no width as they would not be visible. Further filtering is needed to ensure they are in the visible window completely. If a link starts on in the window but finishes outside the window, it can be eliminated. So the bottom right hand corner of the link must be higher and to the left of (0,0). The upper left hand corner must be lower and to the right of (innerHeight, innerWidth). Database should be removed when the plugin is deleted. Admin panel can delete old data when it is viewed. Minor delay in page load but it ensures only the last seven days is ever presented. Add some minor stats and filters on the admin page because why not.

I added a couple of tests but haven't used PHPUnit for a while. Incorporating that into this template was pushing up against the deadline so I left the pieces but the puzzle isn't complete. As for the PHPCS, it is another partial element. Wasn't terribly difficult adding a github action but the project I selected didn't know about the sniffs and I ran out of time to dig further.
